README: commercial support (#246)
Mic92/sops-nix: README.md

- [scalpel](https://github.com/polygon/scalpel): Provides a simple template
  mechanism to inject secrets into configuration files in the nixos activation
  phase

# Commercial support

> The contributors of sops-nix are trying their best to keep sops-nix a true
> opensource and community project and not turn in into a product.
> However if you need help setting up sops-nix in your infrastructure you can
> reach out to [numtide](https://numtide.com/contact) for commercial support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We are building sops-nix very much as contributors to the community and are committed to keeping it open source.

That said, many of us that are contributing to sops-nix also work for consultancies. If you want to contact one of those for paid-for support setting up sops-nix in your infrastructure you can do so here:
* [Numtide](https://numtide.com/contact)
* [Helsinki Systems](https://helsinki-systems.de/)
```
